---
contributors:
  - Thomas J. Hodges
---

# To Do

- Fix labels: Variables that are created may lose their label or inhereit on that is inaccurate. 
- 
- Create synthetic data


# Morality, Identity, and the Military


## Overview

The code in R Project allows for the replication of tables, figures, and findings used in the dissertation presented to the School of Conflict Management, Peacebuilding and Development at Kennesaw State University (Hodges, forthcoming). 

## Data Availability and Provenance

This paper uses publicly available data and original data generated by the author as part of a **survey** administered in 2023 to United States military veterans. Survey data is available upon reasonable request. The survey instructions, items, and logic are available in the 'Doc

The questionnaire is available in `docs/`.


### Details on each Data Source

1. American Community Survey 2021, veteran demographic data which were downloaded from the U.S. Census Bureau at https://data.census.gov/table?q=veterans&tid=ACSST1Y2021.S2101. A processed copy of the data is provided as part of this archive. The processed copy was created manually to be easier to use than the original. The data are in the public domain.

Datafile: `data/processed/acs.csv`

2. Synthetic Data

3. Survey Data

## Dataset list

| Data file | Source | Notes | Provided |
|-----------|--------|----------|---------|
| `data/synthetic/simulated-data.csv` | Generated by the 'create-simulated-data.R' file |  | Yes |
| `data/processed/acs-2021.csv` | U.S. Census Bureau American Community Survey 2021 | ACS 2021 veteran demographic data - processed. Data processing completed with 'process-acs-2021.R'  | Yes |
| `data/raw/survey.csv` | Author |   | Upon request |


## Licensing
This project currently has no license. It is protected by copyright (and not intended to be shared publicly at this stage.)


## Computational requirements

Replicating this code will require a recent version of R (version 4.2.2 or later). You can download R from https://cran.rstudio.com

If you already have R installed, running the "`renv/activate.R`" will download the dependent packages. It relies on the `renv` package, which you can read about at https://rstudio.github.io/renv/. This script is run as a part of the "replicate.R" file which runs the entire project. 

The code was last run on a **Apple M1 Chip MacBook Air MacOS version Ventura 13.2.1**. 


## Description of programs/code

> INSTRUCTIONS: Give a high-level overview of the program files and their purpose. Remove redundant/ obsolete files from the Replication archive.


## List of tables and programs


The provided code reproduces:

- [ ] All numbers provided in text in the paper
- [ ] All tables and figures in the paper
- [ ] Selected tables and figures in the paper, as explained and justified below.


| Figure/Table #    | Program                  | Line Number | Output file                      | Note                            |
|-------------------|--------------------------|-------------|----------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| Table 1           | 02_analysis/table1.do    |             | summarystats.csv                 ||
| Table 2           | 02_analysis/table2and3.do| 15          | table2.csv                       ||
| Figure 1          | n.a. (no data)           |             |                                  | Source: Herodus (2011)          |


## References



---

## Acknowledgements


This README document was inspired by the template  [avaialable here](https://github.com/social-science-data-editors/template_README/blob/master/template-README.md).
